Update accessing apps service doc (#13806)
kubernetes/minikube: site/content/en/docs/handbook/accessing.md

There are two major categories of services in Kubernetes:

> [publishing-services-service-types](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types)

Reviewer: this doesnt seem to be relevent, 

it says
"
There are two major categories of services in Kubernetes:

[publishing-services-service-types]
"

Author: Hi @medyagh 

I though it may help users to access the kubernetes service type here.

This line has been removed and the PR is rebased on master branch.

Could you kindly review it again?

We also have a shortcut for fetching the minikube IP and a service's `NodePort`:

```shell
minikube service <service-name> --url
```

### Using `minikube service` with tunnel

> The network is limited if you are using a Docker driver on darwin, Windows or WSL, and the Node IP is not reachable directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The network is limited if using the Docker driver on Darwin, Windows, or WSL, and the Node IP is not reachable directly.
```

> If minikube runs on Linux with Docker driver, no tunnel will be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running minikube on Linux with the Docker driver will result in no tunnel being created.
```

Services of type `NodePort` can be exposed via the `minikube service <service-name> --url` command. It must be run in a separate terminal window to keep the [tunnel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_forwarding#Local_port_forwarding) open. Ctrl-C in the terminal can be used to terminate the process at which time the network routes will be cleaned up.

### Example of NodePort

> 1. Create a kubernetes deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a Kubernetes deployment
```

    ```shell
    kubectl create deployment hello-minikube1 --image=k8s.gcr.io/echoserver:1.4
    ```

> 2. Create a kubernetes service type NodePort

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a Kubernetes service type NodePort
```

    ```shell
    kubectl expose deployment hello-minikube1 --type=NodePort --port=8080
    ```

3. Check Node Port

    ```shell
    kubectl get svc
    ```
    <pre>
    $ kc get svc
    AME              TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)          AGE
    hello-minikube1   NodePort    10.100.238.34   <none>        8080:31389/TCP   3s
    </pre>

4. Run service tunnel

    ```shell
    minikube service hello-minikube1 --url
    ```

>     `minikube service hello-minikube1 --url` runs as a process, creating a [tunnel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_forwarding#Local_port_forwarding) to cluster. The command exposes the service directly to any program running on the host operating system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `minikube service hello-minikube1 --url` runs as a process, creating a [tunnel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_forwarding#Local_port_forwarding) to the cluster. The command exposes the service directly to any program running on the host operating system.
```

    <details>
    <summary>
    service output example
    </summary>
    <pre>
    $ minikube service hello-minikube1 --url
    http://127.0.0.1:57123
    ❗  Because you are using a Docker driver on darwin, the terminal needs to be open to run it.
    </pre>
    </details>

>     check ssh tunnel in another terminal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Check ssh tunnel in another terminal
```

    ```shell
    $ ps -ef | grep docker@127.0.0.1
    ssh -o UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null -o StrictHostKeyChecking=no -N docker@127.0.0.1 -p 55972 -i /Users/FOO/.minikube/machines/minikube/id_rsa -L TUNNEL_PORT:CLUSTER_IP:TARGET_PORT
    ```

5. Try in your browser

>     open in your browser (make sure there is no proxy set)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Open in your browser (ensure there is no proxy set)
```

A LoadBalancer service is the standard way to expose a service to the internet. With this method, each service gets its own IP address.

### Using `minikube tunnel`

Services of type `LoadBalancer` can be exposed via the `minikube tunnel` command. It must be run in a separate terminal window to keep the `LoadBalancer` running.  Ctrl-C in the terminal can be used to terminate the process at which time the network routes will be cleaned up.

### Example of LoadBalancer

> 1. Run tunnel in a separate terminal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the tunnel in a separate terminal
```

>     it will ask for password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    It will ask for a password.
```

    ```shell
    minikube tunnel
    ```

    `minikube tunnel` runs as a process, creating a network route on the host to the service CIDR of the cluster using the cluster's IP address as a gateway.  The tunnel command exposes the external IP directly to any program running on the host operating system.

    <details>
    <summary>
    tunnel output example
    </summary>
    <pre>
    Password:
    Status:
    machine: minikube
    pid: 39087
    route: 10.96.0.0/12 -> 192.168.64.194
    minikube: Running
    services: [hello-minikube]
        errors:
      minikube: no errors
      router: no errors
      loadbalancer emulator: no errors
    ...
    ...
    ...
    </pre>
    </details>

> 2. Create a kubernetes deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a Kubernetes deployment
```

    ```shell
    kubectl create deployment hello-minikube1 --image=k8s.gcr.io/echoserver:1.4
    ```

> 3. Create a kubernetes service type LoadBalancer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a Kubernetes service with type LoadBalancer
```

    ```shell
    kubectl expose deployment hello-minikube1 --type=LoadBalancer --port=8080
    ```

> 4. Check external IP

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Check the external IP
```

    ```shell
    kubectl get svc
    ```
    <pre>
    $ kc get svc
    NAME              TYPE           CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)          AGE
    hello-minikube1   LoadBalancer   10.96.184.178   10.96.184.178   8080:30791/TCP   40s
    </pre>

>     note that without minikube tunnel, kubernetes would be showing external IP as "pending".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Note that without minikube tunnel, Kubernetes will show the external IP as "pending".
```

5. Try in your browser

>     open in your browser (make sure there is no proxy set)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Open in your browser (ensure there is no proxy set)
```

    ```shell
    http://REPLACE_WITH_EXTERNAL_IP:8080
    ```

>     Each service will get its own external ip.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Each service will get its own external IP.
```
